# Grocery-shop-management
A grocery store, grocer or grocery shop, is a store primarily engaged in retailing a general range of food products which may be fresh or packaged. As pollution around the world has increased, buying food on the road side is not advisable. Whether in charge of a small individually owned grocery store or one that is part of larger chain maintaining a grocery store successfully involves considerable responsibility. Undersatnding of key concepts involved in grocery shop management is imperative for any manager dedicated to the success of his store.

Today one cannot afford to rely on the fallible human beings of be really wants to stand against today’s merciless competition where not to wise saying “to err is human” no longer valid, it’s outdated to rationalize your mistake. So,  to keep pace with time, to bring about the best result without malfunctioning and greater efficiency, so to replace the unending heaps of flies with a much sophisticated hard disk of the computer. One has to use the data management software. Software has been an ascent in automisation of various organisations. Many software products working are now in markets, which have helped in making the organizations work easier and efficiently. Data management initially had to maintain a lot of ledgers and a lot of paper work has to be done but now software product on this organization has made their work faster and easier. Now only this software has to be loaded on the computer and work can be done.
This prevents a lot of time and money. The work becomes fully automated and any information regarding the organization can be obtained by clicking the button. Moreover, now it’s an age of computers of and automating such an organization gives the better look.

This program has been built so that even a normal shopkeeper can keep track of the products, details of customer, his sales and profit. By knowing his/her mistake he/she can excel in life and make more profits by recognizing their mistakes and making them correct. However this program can be made more versatile by adding more features in the future to make life easier
